---

# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs

page_title: "clumio Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# Clumio Provider

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "clumio" {
  # Alternative for the environment variable CLUMIO_API_TOKEN
  clumio_api_token                   = "..."
  # Alternative for the environment variable CLUMIO_API_BASE_URL
  clumio_api_base_url                = "..."
  # Alternative for the environment variable CLUMIO_ORGANIZATIONAL_UNIT_CONTEXT
  clumio_organizational_unit_context = "..."
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->

## Schema

### Optional

- `access_key` (String, Deprecated) AWS Access Key.
- `assume_role` (Block List, Max: 1, Deprecated) (
  see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--assume_role))
- `clumio_api_base_url` (String) The base URL for Clumio APIs. The following are the valid
  values for clumio_api_base_url. Use the appropriate value depending on the region for
  which your credentials were created:

  	us-west: https://us-west-2.api.clumio.com

  	us-east: https://us-east-1.api.clumio.com

  	canada:  https://ca-central-1.ca.api.clumio.com
- `clumio_api_token` (String) The API token required to invoke Clumio APIs.
- `clumio_organizational_unit_context` (String) Organizational Unit context in which to
  create the clumio resources. If not set, the resources will be created in the context of
  the Global Organizational Unit. The value should be the id of the Organizational Unit
  and not the name.
- `clumio_region` (String, Deprecated) Clumio Control Plane AWS Region.
- `profile` (String, Deprecated) The profile for API operations. If not set, the default
  profile created with `aws configure` will be used.
- `region` (String, Deprecated) AWS Region.
- `secret_key` (String, Deprecated) AWS Secret Key.
- `session_token` (String, Deprecated) AWS Session Token.
- `shared_credentials_file` (String, Deprecated) The path to the shared credentials file.
  If not set this defaults to ~/.aws/credentials.

<a id="nestedblock--assume_role"></a>

### Nested Schema for `assume_role`

Optional:

- `duration_seconds` (Number) Seconds to restrict the assume role session duration.
  Defaults to 15 minutes if not set.
- `external_id` (String) Unique identifier that might be required for assuming a role in
  another account.
- `role_arn` (String) Amazon Resource Name of an IAM Role to assume prior to making API
  calls.
- `session_name` (String) Identifier for the assumed role session.
