---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "clumio_aws_connection Resource - terraform-provider-clumio"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Clumio AWS Connection Resource used to connect AWS accounts to Clumio.
---

# clumio_aws_connection (Resource)

Clumio AWS Connection Resource used to connect AWS accounts to Clumio.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "clumio_aws_connection" "example" {
  account_native_id      = "aws_account_id"
  aws_region             = "aws_region"
  description            = "description"
  organizational_unit_id = "organizational_unit_id"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_native_id` (String) AWS Account Id to connect to Clumio.
- `aws_region` (String) AWS Region of account.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Clumio AWS Connection Description.
- `organizational_unit_id` (String) Clumio Organizational Unit Id.
- `protect_asset_types_enabled` (Set of String, Deprecated) The asset types enabled for protect. This is only populated if protect is enabled. Valid values are any of [EBS, RDS, DynamoDB, EC2MSSQL, S3].
- `services_enabled` (Set of String, Deprecated) The services to be enabled for this configuration. Valid values are [discover], [discover, protect]. This is only set when the registration is created, the enabled services are obtained directly from the installed template after that.

### Read-Only

- `clumio_aws_account_id` (String) Clumio AWS AccountId.
- `clumio_aws_region` (String) Clumio AWS Region.
- `connection_status` (String) The status of the connection. Possible values include connecting, connected and unlinked.
- `id` (String) Clumio AWS Connection Id.
- `namespace` (String) K8S Namespace.
- `token` (String) The 36-character Clumio AWS integration ID token used to identify the installation of the Terraform template on the account.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# format of the Clumio AWS Connection ID is <AWS-ACCOUNT_ID>_<AWS_ACCOUNT_REGION>
terraform import clumio_aws_connection.example 12345678901_us-west-2
```
